Funtional requirements.

Students can choose food with restricted quantity.
The software announces the estimated time for delivering food.
The software loads the money in Smart Student Cards of student for payment.
The software sends confirmnation email after the user ordered.
Student can cancel the order within 10 minutes.
Only management of restaurent can see the sales information, update menu and discount
information.

Non-functional requirements.

The software remembers the food chosen by student when student log out of the system and
not already order.
The software should be capable enough to handle 5000 thousands users without affecting to
its performance.
Transaction data must be encreypted.
The software has two language displayed that are English and Finnish.

Restrictions.

Suport difference operating system Android, iOS.
The data of student should not be used by third-order party.
Project budget within 50000 Euros.

Complete the project requirements and planning => Prevent the project from rescheduling if something strange was not mention in the beginning.
Decision making and taking responsibility => Help the project move faster on the right line and encourage subordinates to perform better.
Evaluate, congratulate and punish => Equality between team members. Awards will push each individual ‘s desire higher so that they will dedicate more, but punishment is there as well.
Technical and life (physical and mental) help => Better experience for team members.

Plan each phase of the project carefully and prepare the sparse time for completed the project for situation there are
unexpected thing such as bug or change in requirements.

Plan the meeting to the stakeholders regularly to update the requirements.

Estimate the cost of the project must be within the budget. If when the project is going and the cost is over the budget
we must reevaluate the project and remove some part for reduce cost.

Evaluate the scale of the project for choosing suitble number of employees and method of bulding
the software.

Evaluate the strong and weakness of team member to create a suitable team for working efficiency.
